== Purpose

This script demonstrates end-to-end integration of the QuickBooks sync tool into a Rails application using 
ActiveRecord models. It also demostrates our integrated ActiveRecord validation based upon the QuickBooks schema
to automatically prevent users from submitting invalid data to the database.

== Setup

* Delete all customers from the ITU application.

* Open a company file in QuickBooks.

* At the Windows command line, run the following command within the root directory:

  ir quickbooks-sync-ui\bin\ui.rb --remote=http://itu-admissions.turingstudio.com

* Point your web browser to 'http://itu-admissions.turingstudio.com/customers'.

== Initial Sync

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Refresh your web browser. Note that the Customer resources are the same in the web display as in QuickBooks.

== Synchronizing a new Customer record created in QuickBooks

* Add a Customer record to QuickBooks with the name "George Lucas".

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Refresh your web browser. Note that the new Customer resource appears in the web display.

== Synchronizing a new Customer record created on the ITU application

* Add a Customer record to the ITU application with the name "Steven Spielberg".

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Note that the new customer record appears in QuickBooks.

== Editing a field in the Rails application

* Change George Lucas's phone number to 1-800-1234567 from the ITU application.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Note that the phone number has changed on the QuickBooks record.

== Editing a field in QuickBooks

* Change Steven Spielberg's phone number to 555-1234 in QuickBooks.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Note that the phone number has changed in the ITU application.

== Rails on-save field length validation

* Enter a name longer than 41 characters for George Lucas into the ITU application.

* Attempt to update the record. Note that the application shows an error informing you that you cannot proceed.
