== Setup 

* Remove all contents from the 'sync.json' file.

* Open a company file in QuickBooks.

* At the Windows command line, run the following command within the root directory:

  ir quickbooks-sync-ui\bin\ui.rb

* At your Unix command line, run the following command within the root directory:

  ruby extras/json-editor/app.rb

* Point your web browser to 'http://localhost:4567'.

== Initial Sync

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Refresh your web browser. Note that the Customer resources are the same in the web display as in QuickBooks.

== Synchronizing a new Customer record

* Add a Customer record to QuickBooks with the name "John Doe".

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Refresh your web browser. Note that the new Customer resource appears in the web display.

== Synchronizing a non-conflicting field change

* Change the name field on "John Doe" to "John Smith" on the web display, and press 'Save'.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI. Note that the QuickBooks record updates to read "John Smith"

== Synchronizing a conflicting field change

* Change the name field on "John Smith" to "John Deere" on the web display, and press 'Save'.

* Change the name field on "John Smith" to "John Cash" on QuickBooks.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI. There should be 1 conflict.

* Select "John Cash" from the conflict UI and press the 'Sync Now' button again.

* Note that both the QuickBooks record and the web display read "John Cash".

== Synchronizing multiple conflicting field changes

* Add a new Customer record to QuickBooks with the name "Alec Baldwin".

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Change the "John Cash" value to "Johnny 1" on the web display and press 'Save'.

* Change the "Alec Baldwin" value to "Daniel Baldwin" on the web display and press 'Save'.

* Change the "John Cash" value to "Johnny 2" on QuickBooks.

* Change the "Alec Baldwin" value to "Stephen Baldwin" on QuickBooks.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI. There should be 2 conflicts.

* Select "Johnny 1" and "Stephen Baldwin" from the conflict UI and press the 'Sync Now' button again.

* Note that both the QuickBooks record and the web display read "Johnny 1" and "Stephen Baldwin" respectively.

== Field length validation

* Enter a name longer than 41 characters for "John Cash" into the web display.

* Press 'Save' for the corresponding record on the web display. Note that a validation error appears next to the field.

