== Purpose

* invoice CRUD inside of customers
* invoice synchronization
* uniquness validation on customer names to prevent duplicate records
* conflict resolution on ITU

== Setup

* Delete all customers and invoices from the ITU application.

* Open a company file in QuickBooks.

* At the Windows command line, run the following command within the root directory:

  ir quickbooks-sync-ui\bin\ui.rb --remote=http://itu-admissions.turingstudio.com

* Point your web browser to 'http://itu-admissions.turingstudio.com/customers'.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

== Creating an invoice on the ITU application and synchronizing to QuickBooks ({#1485}[https://turing.sifterapp.com/projects/6343/issues/1485/comments])

* Click a customer's name on the ITU application.

* Click 'New Invoice'

* Enter a line item for the invoice

* Click 'Create Invoice'

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Note that an invoice record has been created for the customer in QuickBooks.

== Creating an invoice on QuickBooks and synchronizing to ITU ({#1485}[https://turing.sifterapp.com/projects/6343/issues/1485/comments])

* Create a new invoice for any customer in QuickBooks with a single line item.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Click on the corresponding customer's name in the ITU application.

* Note that the customer now has a matching invoice record.

== Creating a customer record with a non-unique name on ITU ({#1482}[https://turing.sifterapp.com/projects/6343/issues/1482/comments])

* Create a customer named "Already Taken" on QuickBooks.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Attempt to create a customer named "Already Taken" on the ITU application.

* Note that the form does not allow submitting the customer record.

== Deleting a record on ITU and synchronizing the deletion to QuickBooks ({#1491}[https://turing.sifterapp.com/projects/6343/issues/1491/comments])

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI to ensure all changes are synchronized.

* In the ITU application, click 'Destroy' next to any of the customer records.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI again.

* Note that the record you deleted from ITU is no longer present in QuickBooks.

* Refresh the customer index on ITU.

* Note that the customer record is no longer shown.

== Conflict resolution on ITU application

* Change the phone number of "Already Taken" to 123-456-7890 from QuickBooks.

* Change the phone number of "Already Taken" to 867-5309 from the ITU application.

* Press the 'Sync Now' button on the Sync UI.

* Note that the UI presents a conflict resolution form. 

* Select the record with the phone number "867-5309".

* Press the 'Sync Now' button again.

* Note that the phone number for "Already Taken" reads 867-5309 on both the ITU application and QuickBooks.

